ingo kids setup video tutorial this
video shows you how to set up the Inger
kids tablet so that your children's
online activities are completely
protected when you turn on your tablet
for the first time you will be asked to
adjust the following parameters language
time and date enable Wi-Fi connection
create a parents account create a kids
account online content time limitations
application filters kids zone parents
own language
choose your preferred language to set up
the Ingo kids and Android system select
the flag with the language you have
chosen to confirm your language press ok
time and date
change the date and time on your tablet
ensure to select the suitable time zone
for your region once you have finished
press ok to continue
enable Wi-Fi connection to enable the
Wi-Fi connection press the Search button
a list will appear with all of the
available Wi-Fi networks select your
network and press connect if the network
is password-protected you will have to
enter the password to enable the
connection press ok to continue
create a parent's account
enter the required details in the boxes
provided the password you enter will
keep the parents in protected and
prevent children from modifying the
settings or filters press ok to continue
create a kids account create a
personalized kids profile enter his/her
name and to their birthday select the
gender you can choose to password
protect the account this is recommended
if the tablet is going to be shared
between children finally select a photo
you can use your own photo or you can
choose from one of the avatars on the
tablet press ok to continue
application filters
the application filters allow you to
determine which apps your children can
have access to the pre-installed apps
have been pre-approved however you can
modify these depending on your personal
preferences select the app icon you want
to allow your children to use or
deselect them if you wish to disable use
of the app once completed press ok
online content with this option you can
control which internet websites can be
accessed full access there are no
restrictions and children can browse any
website restricted browsing to allowed
websites only press the modify allowed
websites button to proceed to the list
and edit the websites you want your
children to have access to to add a new
website press the plus button and to
eliminate one press the minus button
when you have finished with the allowed
websites list press ok to continue
press ok time limits
limit the amount of time that can be
spent on the tablet enable the session
control and decide how much time can be
spent on the tablet per session the rest
time in between sessions and the maximum
number of sessions per day children are
allowed to use their tablets for enable
the global control and decide the length
of time in which you will allow children
to access the tablet if you try and turn
the tablet on outside of the established
time settings the tablet will turn on
that children will not be able to access
their account
kids sing
the Kids Zone is the children's software
after completing the tablet
configuration you will be reverted to
this home page press the kids avatar to
enter into the account
at the bottom of the page are the direct
accesses to the Internet Explorer with
Google safe search e-books photo
galleries camera and music at the top
and center of the page are the apps you
have previously enabled and in the
bottom right-hand corner is the home
page button to return to the home page
where you can choose to log in to
another account or access the parent
zone
parents own
to access the parent zone press the lock
button in the top right hand corner of
the home page enter your password press
ok and you'll be in the parent zone in
this zone you can modify all of the
settings with the kids account create a
new account or download new apps by
pressing the account button you can
modify the details of the parents
account for the kids account you can
modify these by pressing them or add new
ones with the plus button also in this
zone you will find the market app which
is where you can download new apps for
your tablet via the Google Play Store or
in Go market
thank you for watching this tutorial
follow us on our website and social
network site if you have any questions
please do not hesitate to contact our
technical help team